My Family Member Died What Do I Do With Their Shell Drivers Club Account And Points We are sorry to hear of your bereavement and will work quickly to ensure that their Shell Drivers Club account and points are settled to your satisfaction. Under the terms of the Data Protection Act, we are required to request a copy of the Death Certificate before we are able to deal with your request. Please send a photocopy of the certificate (not the original document) with a brief note explaining what youd like us to do with the points on account. If you would like to redeem the points for one of our rewards, this can be done in two ways: Transfer points The points can be transferred to a spouse or a nominated person. Once the document has been received, we can transfer the points to the new account holder. If the new account holder is an existing Shell Drivers' Club member, please provide us with the card number together with the document so we can make the transfer. Besides the card number of the account holder, please also provide the following pieces of information as registered: 1) date of birth and 2) either postcode or e-mail address. However, if the new account owner does not have a Shell Drivers Club account, please visit your local Shell Service Station and pick up a new card. This can be used immediately. Once you have personalised your new card by completing the registration form online or on the Motorist App, please contact us to transfer the points from the deceased members account to the new account. During the new Shell card registration, you will be asked for your consent to: Our Loyalty Program Terms & Conditions Our Shell Data Privacy Policy Receiving general offers such as our Loyalty newsletter and information about promotions (you may opt out of these at any time). Vouchers If the spouse or nominated person does not wish to open a new Shell Drivers Club account we can send the redemption (vouchers) from the deceased member's account (these can only go out in the deceased members name). Once the redemption (vouchers) has been received, the spouse or nominated person can use it during their next visit to the service station. We will then close the account. Please send all correspondence to driversclub@shell.co.uk.